Entry html s element (#1234)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/elements/terms/s/s.md

---
Title: '<s>'

> Description: 'Used to draw attention to one or more words, usually rendered in strikethrough text.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Used to draw attention to one or more words, usually rendered in strike-through text.'
```

Author: Done

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Elements'
  - 'Tags'
  - 'Style'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`<s>`** element is used to highlight no more pertinent, accurate, or wrong text. Browsers render it showing strikethrough text. Its behavior equals the <del> element but is semantically different. This last is usually used to show document changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`<s>`** element is used to highlight no longer pertinent, inaccurate, or wrong text. Browsers render it showing strikethrough text. Its behavior equals the <del> element but is semantically different, <del> is usually used to show document changes.
```

Author: Done

> The **`<s>`** element is used to highlight no longer pertinent, inaccurate, or wrong text. Browsers render it showing strikethrough text. Its behavior equals the <del> element but is semantically different, <del> is usually used to show document changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`<s>`** element is used to highlight no longer pertinent, inaccurate, or wrong text. Browsers render it showing strike-through text.
```

Author: Done

## Syntax

> ```html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

Author: Done

<s>

>   <!-- Text no more pertinent, accurate, or wrong to here -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <!-- No longer pertinent, inaccurate, or wrong text here -->
```

</s>
```

> The **`<s>`** element should only contain text content or other elements meant for text content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<s>` element should only contain text content or other elements meant for text content.

> **Note:** The `<s>` element is semantically different from the `<del>` element because the former is just an edit while the latter conveys an actual update in a document.
```

Author: Done

## Example

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following is an example of the `<s>` element:

```

Author: Done

```html
<html>
  <head> </head>
  <body>
    <p>
      <s>worng txet</s>
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The rendered output would look like this:

```

Author: Done

---
Title: '<s>'

> Description: 'Used to draw attention to one or more words, usually rendered in strike-through text.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Represents strike-through text that is no longer need, accurate, or correct.'

Used to draw attention to one or more words, usually rendered in strike-through text.'
```

Author: Hi @Dusch4593,
is line 5 a refuse?

Reviewer: @Buono-Marco Yes! Sorry for that 😅

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Elements'
  - 'Tags'
  - 'Style'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`<s>`** element is used to highlight no longer pertinent, inaccurate, or wrong text. Browsers render it showing strike-through text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`<s>`** element represents strike-through text that is no longer needed, accurate, or correct.
```

Author: Done

## Syntax

```pseudo
<s>
  <!-- No longer pertinent, inaccurate, or wrong text here -->
</s>
```

The `<s>` element should only contain text content or other elements meant for text content.

> > **Note:** The `<s>` element is semantically different from the `<del>` element because the former is just an edit while the latter conveys an actual update in a document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `<s>` element is semantically different from the [`<del>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/del) element because the former is just an edit while the latter conveys an actual update in a document.
```

Author: Done

## Example

The following is an example of the `<s>` element:

```html
<html>
  <head> </head>
  <body>
    <p>
      <s>worng txet</s>
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
```

The rendered output would look like this:

> ![Rendered <s> tag example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/s-tag-example.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Rendered <s> element example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/s-tag-example.png)
```

Author: Done
